Fix mini typos in docs (#958)
alan-turing-institute/MLJ.jl: docs/src/about_mlj.md

* Extensible [tuning
  interface](https://github.com/JuliaAI/MLJTuning.jl),

>   to support the growing number of optimization strategies, designed
>   to play well with the model composition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to support a growing number of optimization strategies, and designed
  to play well with model composition.
```
